[docs] [i/o] - Update Partitioned assets concept page (DOC-114) (#19642)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/partitioning-assets.mdx

---

> ## Relevant APIs

Reviewer: Not sure how to comment on this section specifically, but for this tab https://erin-io-doc-114.dagster.dagster-docs.io/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/partitioning-assets#managed-loading-dependencies "Managed-loading dependencies" should we add the "Heads up" about I/O manager familiarity? This example uses I/O manager related APIs (`ins`)

Author: I can, but I don't think we explicitly state this anywhere. It's kind of implied in the API docs as there's a parameter that mentions I/O managers ([link](https://docs.dagster.io/_apidocs/assets#dagster.AssetIn.metadata)), but that's all I could find. Do we need to add a more explicit explanation somewhere first?

---

## Examples

For more examples of partitions, check out the following in our [Hacker News example](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/tree/master/examples/project_fully_featured):

- [Defining partitioned assets](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/blob/master/examples/project_fully_featured/project_fully_featured/assets/core/items.py)
- [Defining a partitioned asset job and a schedule based on it](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/blob/master/examples/project_fully_featured/project_fully_featured/jobs.py)

### Partitioned assets with partitioned I/O managers

<Note>
  <strong>Heads up!</strong> Familiarity with{" "}
  <a href="/concepts/io-management/io-managers">I/O managers</a> is required for
  this section.
</Note>

Asset functions can write data out to files, but they can also delegate the writing operation to an [I/O manager](/concepts/io-management/io-managers). Dagster's [built-in I/O managers](/concepts/io-management/io-managers#built-in-io-managers) support handling partitioned assets, but you can also [write your own I/O manager](/concepts/io-management/io-managers#handling-partitioned-assets) if you want additional customization.

> For example, this example demonstrates how to define an asset that relies on an I/O manager to store its output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the following demonstrates how to define an asset that relies on an I/O manager to store its output:
```

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if this previous line is a little confusing. The idea of the example seems to be to demonstrate how the default I/O manager uses partitions to write data to a subfolder? But the previous sentence just mentions the example shows how to write an asset (which I don't think is the intent of this section.)
